Looks nice, easy to customize.
Sleek, easy, and modifiable
Ease of use, works on ChromeOS.
It was the first editor recommended to me by my brother
The extensions and packages for different languages is neat
Love the GitHub folk and their open sourceiness
Easy to use and pleasant looking interface
Dark mode, don't need to learn dumb new commands, download packages to recognize languages
Ease of use and extensiblity, easy to make custom integrations
It seemed nice.
Clean, open source
notepad++ not on Mac 
Customization and design preference 
Because it’s what I started with, tho I may have to switch to Sublime with the course I’m about to take. 
Simplicity + packages 
Easier to use
Very easy to use and love the customization
Because of all the packages I can install on it + customizable platform
idk
Used by instructor 
Smooth and Reliable. While sublime text feels like rough version of atom. N++ is good for beginner but not for those who love dark theme.
Cus its first
because it was the first one that popped up and i got lazy and didnt want to search for any others lol. another reason is that the icon looked cool. sorry i cant give anything decent lol.
Because I’m too lazy to set up Vim
It's pretty and customizable
Clean interface, portable download (can download on school computers), hackable and many user created packages to download, auto-recognizes coding language and autogenerates basic code
Teletype
I like the layout and modularity
Aesthetics
Open-source and easy to use, I like it's ui a lot 
Simple, easy, first one that stuck
It was recommended to me by tons of people and when I tried it I really loved it.
High customizability, cross-platform
Plugins 
Looks nice. Lots of plugins available.
Was one of the first ones I've used
My friends used it 
Sleek and clean
It's visually appealing and opens quickly
Was really easy to install pluggins and got used to it, and didn't want to reinstall pluggins on a different editor.
is good
Open sourced 
Good mix of features and ui
Customizibility
Plugin selection
it was required for a web dev class
Like how it looks and feels
better user experience
Dark mode and colours
🤷
The name
My CS course recommended it
It looks pretty.
it was the first one I used and change is hard
Free
Open-source, dark theme, free.
I’m used to it
looks good
Didn’t want bloat, and was newer
Simple ui with a lot of features 
It’s free 
The ability to install third party packages. And it looks nice
It looks nice and has lots of ways to customize the environment (not to mention open source i think)
Very clear, easy to use and maneuver, beautiful color scheme 
Modern interface, neat name.
Modern interface, neat name.
Modern interface, neat name.
Used it from the start, don't want to change
Looks nice and is easy to use.
Visually appealing and fast
Using windows
Customization 
Simple, highly customisable, great UI
Good looking GUI, and lots to customise.
Nice interface, lots of plugins
Someone told me about it
It looks good? 
Never used another, recommended by a friend and I'm used to it now.
I love the Github integration. 
Because my brother told me it's good and I've never used anything since
It's the beast
Good interface and packages you can work with. Dont know about much the others tho
Free with tons of great packages
it's trendy and full of cool plugins
I like the intigration with git, as well as the themes
Used it since forever, liked the look of it, now I'm just so used to it that it's hard to switch
Looks cool xD
Customizablity
Aesthetic is nice, good auto-fill and easy to navigate files in project folder. 
Easy to customize
It can actually load on the toasters my school provides.
Nice UI and got used to it (Never really tried the others alot tho)
It's easy to customize and looks nice. The syntax is colored, which makes it easer to read.
Customisability open source editing fast free
It's free and simple to use
Recommended by friend
It's very intuitive and it looks nice, as well as it has a lot of features I like. I've done what you asked... Can I see my kids now, Karen?
It's pretty
Great plugin support.
Nice UI, Huge Support for various languages, easily installable packages and themes
The only one i know
yes
Because it is the best 
Best package community
I prefer the UI and my university uses it for web development.
Easy plugins
Does what I need it to do, nice packages
because its nice
Haven’t tried the others extensively
It was part of a udemy course. Never changed
It’s easy to use and can be easily customized.
First one I used and have become used to it
nan

​

