I got a new laptop and could not remember the name of the one I used to use on my old dead one. And used Notepad++ awhile back and remembered it's name. Thanks to this survey I might install Atom again, as that is the one I forgot. 
90% of the time all I need is syntax highlighting, multi-file search, and a hex editor.
It’s nice I guess
Ease of use, simple interface, compatibility. 
I don’t know I’ve always used it
code highlighting and more tricks than regular notepad
Its the only one I have used
The only one I’ve used
Simple works with many files types
It’s magic 
This was the first editor I used in school, I'm used to it
Free
Familiarity
Ease of access, one of few listed that I’m aware of. Recognizable brand.
Simple, lightweight, and it gets the job done. 
Easy to use.
I saw recommendations online quite a few years ago for it and ended up liking it, so I have stuck with it since.
It’s great!
I forget.
Macros and plugins
Easy to use (I also like word, but didn't feel like putting it)
Is nice
Better version of notepad 
Just works
cus its my favorite? retard?
Easy to use on the go and doesn't take up much space
Enjoyed it on my Windows workstation over the other options
Versatile 
Im used to it
Simplicity
A university course required it.
Clean, and simple.
It feels nice to use and its just what I have installed so it works
Got used with it 
It's fast. Easy to use. Has code highlighting when I need it. 
It’s the only one I know sir
It's simple and effective
Recommended by friend, really easy to use.
It's simple and the themes.
ease of use
It was recommended to me by a friend.
Popular, Windows, well supported, easy to use.
Clean UI and easy to use. Also habit from old 2010 YouTube coding tutorials 
I like it, it’s clean.
Clean UI and easy to use. Also habit from old 2010 YouTube coding tutorials 
Versatile and straightforward
Habit. 
Ease of use 
It was the first one that was ever available to me
Very simple, and aesthetically pleasing.
idk
compatibility 
First one I used, never saw a reason to change
Because I am a lame noob and haven't tried the others. 
Easy
It’s what I started with 
It's a e s t h e t i c
Free and Windows
It really do be like that sometimes
Tabs, auto save, portable, plugins
Its easy to use and it auto saves.
Simple design
Free, pwowerful, and never had a reason to look for at what the other options might have
I heard a lot of good things about it
Primary reason, its the only one i really know. A second reason is that it's lightweight.
It's simple and free
Discovered it when learning to write a batch file.
Great for small scripts, very fast
Im a hozer
Quick, easy, and I happened upon it first
Like it
Vim was too scary
No particular reason. 
Second best editor than vs
Easy do use, highly functional, lightweight, portable 
uhhh....
Yes
it easy
It looks the cleanest to me, and ive always used this
It's the one I use the most.
The name Notepad ++ sounds more user friendly, haven’t tried others
Don't need a lot if customization, feels nice.
Reee
Primarily a windows user, I like the formatting and color coding
I’ve always used it
I study that in school
Light, fast, and clean.
convenient and colorful
Familiar to me now.
Simple
Recommended by others, really simple, works with everything
Cuz it's sumple :) 
Vs code for editing, but np++ to look at programs or modify them
It is the most convenient for me
Nice
Lightweight n' easy
CuZ
it's awesome
It's quick and easy to use
It's fast, small, edits files, does not need any imported projects. Also viewing two files at the same time and working on them is very easy. Most simple and best best editor in my opinion. Couldn't find a better one yet.
It has all the functions i need, easy to use etc, compatible with literally anything. Just a good program all-around.
Used in school
It can do everything
First one I tired, recommended from uni lecturer
Lightweight GUI text editor
Havn't got a lot of experience with other text editors, I use notepad++ to edit html and CSS, I like that it's free and has tag highlighting and some other helpful tools
Easy to pickup, lightweight, all the features I need.
It was suggested to be used for a class and I just stuck with it.
Cause it’s ++ and not just +
First editor I've used. I have no reason to switch to anything else.
Fast, light, gets the job done. Not my IDE though, I use pycharm as my IDE
I don't code
that's the first editor I was thought, really 
Default
Because
It worked so I didn’t try anything else 
I like it's simplicity. It doesn't require additional set up. Atom is good for it's plug ins and I use that for python. 
Using it for a long time
It’s the best and free
Why not ?
Its what im used to. Notepad to jot something down quickly and saved to the desktop as a reminder. Word has tables and good formatting, and for editing papers or documentation it works well. 
works best for me
It didn't require a download
Easy to use, simple UI
Free, fast, and easy to use. Atom is slow as hell. 
dont know the others
A friend recommended it
Tabs, lightweight 