All in one editor, plugins, nice ui, easy to use
ChromeOS
It has great built in features for dependencies, git, and it's attractive. 
Just cuz
Simple and easy to use.
It was recommended by a friend. Only other editor I tried was Geany.
Powerful yet easy to use
It’s very good
its good for java
It comes with matlab
Easy to use, free professional upgrade for students
I used Eclipse, but people told me to get IntelliJ so I did. Awesome kotlin support+great debugger
I work on PHP and Jetbrains offers that for PHP. It has one of the best search, great integrations for Database, Terminal and Version Control with Docker and Vagrant. Great Debugging Experience. Literally that's all that I need running to have running for building any app from start to finish. 
This editor does auto corrections and creates a folder inside a file with everything related to the program (classes, text files, html)
Nice shortcuts and integration for web dev code 
It's a fully integrated IDE with tons of features to make development easier
Array of tools available for debugging etc.
Easy to use, good looking and is very neat.
Idk
Really good refactor, checking and generators. 
Good for C/C++/Obj-C/Swift in Xcode, good for WedDev/Python for Brackets
A PhD student in my lab recommended it.
Pretty good IDE
because, R.
the synergy between us
Looks, plugins, usability etc.
It's my favorite. On windows I use Notepad++
It has a lot of cool features plus its free for students
It looks nice 
Live preview built in
Mostly write Python and it has a lot of built-in tools
Well i mainly code in java
Because I am able to create live server(basically when I run my code on localhost and every time I save it automatically resets web page)
Great for javascript and Angluar
It fullfills all my desires.
Because I know how to fucking exit it
It has lots of handy features and integrates well with KDE.
Good
Live viewing, know it best
easy to use and available on most unix systems.
it's in every linux distribution and it always works
It’s the one my professor makes us use
Used to it.
easy to use
im doing with pycharm since I have started with programming
I like the customization options. I am also quite fond of adobe software, so i gravitated to  brackets since adobe makes it.