It’s easy to use and it’s simple
It is fast to use and you can download plug ins to make programming easier.
Easy to use and setup, many extensions available 
It was the second editor I used after using emacs and I preferred it to the others I tried in the future. Second favorite is VIM if I need to use CLI. 
Because it was the first one I chose, and I liked it.
Simple 
First editor I learned about
I use it
Didn't wanna use vim
I like the look :)
First one i used and it does everything i need, so i don’t have a reason to switch.
I've been using it for years.
Because I saw it on YouTube(s) and knew I needed something better than the default one that comes with python.
Dark theme rules :)
Lightweight, simple, clutter free and good dev support
Packages.
I like it the best
Most recommended on iOS. 
Initially I used atom, it was kinda slow and took a lot of time to launch, even after launch it had troubles with multiple files open. Sublime came in as a nice alternative, it launches fast, can handle long files easily, not to mention it's smaller than others
Easy. Free
I've been using it for years, it's nice and does the job with no frills.
Easy to read and organize
Lots of packages, and easy to use on windows
Its easy and pleasing to the eye
Execution speed, plugin ecosystem, out-of-the-box features
I like the color scheme and it was the text editor recommended to me by my first tutorial
Because I haven’t used any others. I’m new to this stuff. 
Cause
Packages that save me time
Packages that save me time
It’s just what I learned to code on
Easy to use, small to install,  nicely color coded, usable for all languages
I’ve been using it for years and have tried many of the others but have been able to get as comfortable with them as I am with Sublime
Recommended by a friend ~5 years ago. Was using notepad++ untill then.
It's what I used while in school. Now when I try others I get frustrated re-learning everything and always switch back.
Efficiency, really fast and look
I like it
It's the one text editor from the list that I've worked with most.
That’s what I use..
UI
First programming editor is started with. Saw YouTube tutorials for advanced stuff and stuck with it
Extensive packages, very lightweight and minimalist in design.
Basic text editor with multiple languages support
Community plugins and not rough on memory like Atom
easy to use, good support for web development
Fast and can open very large files with ease. 
Its easy to use! :D
The color schemes.
Friend's recommendation
fast, crossplatform and customizable
Bases on peoples recommandation
Used to it
Its easy to use, lightweight  and works on a Mac 
Simplicity and speed.
Uhhhhh
Ultra responsive and lightweight.  I can run many instances at once and it starts up in less than 5 seconds. 
Its a lightweight cross platform ide with a lot of packages and themes. Also has nice programming language support.
Fast and native
Low RAM usage, pretty colors 
Vim was too hard
Cross platform and design
Same text editor the my instructor is using
Customization and keyboard shortcuts
Nice colors, supports different languages, easy to use. It's just more than notepad but just less than a full ide. It's perfect for editing text files or whoops a little cpp bug I need to fix real quick without launching whole shebang. 
Idk
I don't want to use a sluggish electron based software for editing, and I don't want to commit to the learning curve of vim. Sublime hits that sweet spot in the middle where I am very productive and it stays out of my way. 
Fuck 
I was told to by the internet. And if it means anything, I primarily coded in Python at the time.
Fuck 
It was recommended by my course instructor
Launchable thru Steam, nice color palette, recommended by friend.
I like the overhead view on the right that it has.
S P E E D
Ease of use
Because it was recommended years ago
every developer i know uses it and you can use it for free
Power user text editor while staying out of the way. 
Clean UI, free, easy to modify, lots of language options (and can add custom ones)
When I use a text editor I want it to be cross platform and free which sublime is
If I'm editing <10k rows of text sublime is the prettiest. Anything more and I will use 010 Editor.
It was my first editor outside an IDE and I have never had any issue with it or reason to change.
Because all the cool kids are doing it
My favorite appearance-wise
I’m most familiar with it and I’ve used it the most 
Love the theme, love the small ram usage, love plugins. Thre lack of userinput while running the program is disappointing, though
Modern features while still being fast. 
Easy to use and effective. Installation also makes you learn about Python itself
I don't know
best text editor imo
Great interface and packages
It was the first one that I was shown and I guess I got more acustommed to it's dynamics rather than the ones from other text editors.
Colors
It looks nice and does what I want it to do
Simple, fast, light-weight. No bullshit.
Simple to use, tons of syntax already built in. It's also fun to decline to purchase lol
First one I was introduced to
Black screen
4
Simple 
It was mentioned in a python tutorial and I stuck with it ever since
Super fast and has a decent amount of add-ons
Because I never heard of the others except notepad ++
Colour scheme is nice, has nice basic features 
Recommended and fast
One used for an online tutorial. Simply never changed as i have never had any issues 
Smaller size and does it all
I've been using it forever
God Damn RNG.
Good UI and easy to install plugins
One of the first ones with the high level view on the right as you scroll
It's fluid and I love it. 
Nice looking
N
Was an improvement over notepad++
Looks nice
features
It looks nice and works perfectly with my c++  code
 .
Fast, simple to use
Simple, custimizable and default dark theme. 
It's not rational, I just like how it feels to code in it
Clean, fast
Requires essentially no setup,  still has reasonable features
It does everything I need, runs on multiple platforms and doesn't have insane controls like most of the list
Nice UI, lightweight enough to open near instantly, easy to use 
Being a beginner, it's one of the most intuitive and easy to use editors. 
Great design and UI.
It's the one I was shown first
?? because it best
The simplicity of it and the visual design is simple yet pleasing to the eyes.
It’s the first one I’ve tried, It’s simple and lightweight, I didn’t bother to try the others
I just always use it
Lightweight 
It looks nice and is easy to use
Features
It’s speed and visual appeal primarily 
T
Easy
Two words: Multi cursors
Many useful features. Customisable.
Speed.
No better alternative
Love the band
K
it good