Originally for remote editing.  Pretty much began using it for all editing after grokking the power of modal editing.
Flexibility, low memory usage, ergonomics
because it chose me
It’s nice to use
Makes me look sophisticated 
Always available. Rarely need to leave home row 
the first one i tried
Began using vim in terminal for school. Just stuck with it. Though I sometimes use sublime, and am looking into vs code
Was using atom, but as I learned more I started using the command line more and more, so it made since to move to him. Plus, atom was slow 
Modal editing
It’s simple
Vim is powerful and runs on everything. Once I learned the basics I never looked back. 
Because I use it every day...?
i hated electron and loved the plugins and the no mouse allowed part
Because geeks use it!
I use arch BTW
Speed 
Because it's pretty standard. It works well in most evivronments. 
Ease of mobility
Autism
Its everywhere
Long term use in any environment 
Simplicity
Oldschool
I saw other people using it and thought it looked cool.
Learned it a while ago like using it 
Cause
It's simple, powerful, and runs easily on any machine, headless or not.
a
Very versatile. 
Because it makes code fly fast from my fingers 
Extremely lightweight and powerful
Installed on every Linux machine by default. Easy to customize. Lightweight
vim keybindings and plugins
Source code on server
Lightweight
it's universally available, works on command line, and the shortcuts are amazinf
Lightweight, keyboard shortcuts foreverything  and extremely customizable
Most versatile. Can be plugin in other editors.
Efficiency 
Vim is the most streamlined, convenient, and fastest editor
I work in bioinformatics, and everything is done via the command line, so it is much easier to use a built-in editor than an external one. Vim was the one I was taught in my CS undergrad classes, and it's the one I use at work now. I've tried nano, but I'm so used to vim that it's hard to switch. My favourite external text editor though, is Sublime Text.
First I used, love the more GUI based like VS Code and Atom but vim holds a special place in my heart.
It was recommended to me by a close friend. It's lightweight, cli friendly, massively extensible, and vi is on almost all Linux/UNIX systems.
Because it's amazing
Memes
Useful and available everywhere
Most editing of text files is through a CLI if not an IDE. 
dank
Faster, confortable, customizable, usable within a terminal
Fast, works in a terminal, awesome to use, has plugins
Just
Customisability and easy to use
It's very personalizable
Efficency
Efficency
I wanted to learn something "cool" when I started and now every other editor feels slow to me 
I love fast navigation with the keyboard shortcuts cuts
Because I am a pompous bastard who likes to dab on plebs. Seriously tho, it's fast and intuitive.
Available everywhere, like the mode based editing
Speed and customisation.
It’s extremely powerful and fun to learn. Highest skill cap and it’s on every computer.
I use it everyday and have been for a number of years.
Best
Universal
Vim modes mean fewer chorded shortcuts which help my RSI.
-
Ease of use and prebuild in. 
I enjoy its unique UI and it is fun to use. 
It's the most natural to me and I know the most about it 
I like it
Fast to launch and can read largr file size 
Keybindings
Its available on every system and has vim bindings 
It's superior. 
Because it's powerful and isn't in the way ever
Universality, Portability, 
I like them keybindings yo
I’m old
Everything can be done without moving hands from keyboard
productivity
Im still learning all of the tricks, but it’s the most powerful command-line text editor I’m aware of.
Once you get past the steep learning curve, it becomes amazingly easy to use and efficient.  Plus, it has a rich ecosystem of plugins to enhance it and is nearly universally available on Linux distributions.
portability
Good to use, available everywhere
It's small, lighweight and configurable
