Quick and easy
Trial and error. I have given most of them a try. It’s my current favorite. 
Used at work
This is a full IDE
Typescript support/tooling, general ease of use, trust in open source MS projects
Plugins
More intuitive version of vim 
Great extensions and easy setup
After using multiple text editors it's interface and the ease of putting in addons have proven it to be the best for my uses.
My boss hates paying for things
a
It has pretty themes, it's free, and has git compatibility
Internship required it for a project and I've used it since
Simple but full of features 
Easy to use and has lots of useful extensions for all languages.
Really helpful to have everything in one place and easy to use
Plugins, Git integration, open source and looks beautiful
Many extensions and I’ve been using it for years 
Atom is too slow. Notepad++ is too basic. Vim is old and I can’t be bothered trying to learn how to use it. Sublime Text you have to pay for or you keep getting pop ups. Nothing special about VS Code but it doesn’t have any negatives so I use it all the time now.
It has a simple interface and includes many extentions in the marketplace.
looks sexy
It was better than Atom
Easy to customize and integrated terminal
It's a compact IDE
I like the layout
Add ons support virtually any language, visually pleasing, regularly updated
It gets out of my way
It's sleek, it's fast, the plug-in library is huge
Virtual Studio regular was too unwieldy
Lightweight, supports multiple languages, easy to use
.NET
Good
Out of the options listed that I’ve tried I enjoy it the most
It’s what I learned on
Work has it
I like the theme editor and it was just the one I was taught with
runs well on my ancient pc and allows me to use the mouse
Atom was a great, easy to extend editor, but it was much slower.
I just like it and all of the plug-ins are in one place
Ease of use, extensions
Already familiar with vs, and it's free
Continuity with peers
switched from sublime, wesbos used it/devs at my company used it.
Recommended by a friend when I was just starting out. Didn't look back since it basically did everything I needed. 
Friend recommended it
Lots of extensions and it works really well on all my devices 
Cuz its foss, fast and has every feature I'd need. 
Ease of use, extensions, git, compatibility 
Sublime is trash, vim is cool but work uses Vscode. 
Recommended on reddit
It's visually appealing and it's fast.
Pretty good altogether. I don't actually know why because I just code.
Mostly because it's liteweight.
Good Community backed by Microsoft 
Super quick to download, very lightweight and fast, extremely intuitive plugin support and user interface, doesn't force me to learn esoteric keyboard controls (I love vim anyway though) but it still has the capability for them, very actively developed, incredible features right out of the box. I use it for work as a full-stack developer and everything just works so fluidly: C# .NET Core, NuGet, and NUnit on the backend, Angular and Typescript and html and sass and so on on the frontend, all seamlessly in the same easily configurable and navigable software. Really incredible.
Lightweight opens faster than atom, clean UI, powerful than most basic editors.
I heard about it on a podcast as a new and really great editor. The podcast runner commented that the developers of VS Code were really responsive, and I like that.
Just the best
Quite light compared to Atom and customizable
Professor used it in class so I followed 
Best for Mac
Because it’s the best 
Nice extensions and layout
Clean look and it's faster than Atom. Also GitHub integration.
It’s fast and not too complicated
Originally it was because it had the right balance of speed (like sublime) and customizability (like atom). These days I feel like atom has gotten faster but I'm happily in the vscode family and nothing makes me feel like I should switch
I tried it when it was first released, and found it easier to use than sublime
Clean and concise
Works for all languages
Integrated terminal
Because I was used to VS from school 
Open source
Easy to use
Best extensibility, look, plugins, keymaps, and overall usability. And speed!
8===D
compatibility and ease of use 
Best overall extensions and performance 
Recommended and then grew into it
Handles all the editing I need
Easily the best.
Good UI, great addons, and I like that it looks good and well-integrated on a Windows PC.
In Soviet Russia, editor chooses you.
The ability to customize it be more like an IDE or a text editor is amazing. The amount of extensions allow it to be custom to what I want. 
Extensions, visual studio user already for c#
What I always had
Very convenient for what I do, light-weight but still feature heavy, updated frequently
ease of use, custom settings, themes!
Fag
Different plug ins for different syntaxes and it’s a lot cleaner than the other solutions IMO
It does everything
Emacs too hard for me and VSCode has great plugins
nice plugins, available on all Operating systems I use
Easy and customizable
I like vs
Decent plugins, works very well with git, 2x2 grid perfect for large resolution monitors. 
Cool
Plugin options, lightweight, customization options
Because?
Lightning fast, but with lots of features
Used to use atom but VS code performed a little better.
Because i like it 
I use Visual Studio
light, customisable, friendly user interphase and straight foward
Cmd
Free, modern, fast extensions
Integrated Git and Debugger
I started using it at my internship recently and have been finding it really good
It’s pretty
File management and merge conflict handling
Quickest to get setup so that it can do much more than just text editing! 
Great support. Easily modifiable. Currently the best editor there is.
Many features and 3rd party addons while not overly performance hungry
Dark theme is best
Extensions, support, performance, vim binding compatibility
I accidentally broke Sublime and figured why not give it a shot. I like the terminal
Came recommended with a starter tutorial and I’ve used it since. 
Open source and has a decent support for various development stacks.
Not sure
I used to develop on windows so this was the best cost free alternative. I later moved to linux but took the editor with me
Simple to use, built in terminal and other features that would need extension on many other editors. 
It’s free and highly supported
Does js and python and git and....
Great customization possibilities and multi-file search
I like it the most
Snappy
Ny teacher recommended it
Plugins and speed on slow laptops
A lot of integrated features, multiplatform, free, good looking
It's fast, has intellisense and autocompletion, unlike Notepad++.  Notepad++ is quite fast for such a powerful text editor, but if Notepad++ also had intellisense and good autocomplete, I would have chosen that. I use Notepad++ all the time to open small files if it isn't in the current workspace, because it's so fast to start up. 
All around good support for js 
Plugins!
Extensions+close to IDE+Easy to use
Like the UI and able to download extensions. 
Fast and built in terminal
It simply has the best design and extensions.
extensions
Because It has a minimal interface, a lot of plugins, it work almost with all language, it's free, work's with git 
Quick install, it's fast and great plugin support + js debugging
Because it's the best. 
Plugins
It has a vim plugin so I get the best of both worlds
Easy to set up, highly customizable, ever-growing market with extensions, regular updates, and on top of it it's rather fast.
I like it
It has everything I need at one place
Fast, very customizable, cross platform, lots of plugins, can basically make for a very lightweight IDE
The library for extensions is wonderful, and it has been the most reliable editor I've used. The git support is very useful as well. Using the integrated terminal also makes my life alot easier.
Versatility and extensions 
Performance is ok, but very configurable and lots of plugins
Work
Extensions
I use Visual Studio for my backend work, so VSCode is a natural choice when doong frontend stuff.
Abundance of features and easy on the eyes
Powerful and intuitive
Plugins, lightweight, fast
lololol
Because it's next best, next to Webstorm
Lightweight, pretty looking, great compatibility
Best editor
Cuz
Fast 
It's lightweight and fully extensible.
For writing code in particular, I like its style and its features like the add-ons and IntelliSense
Lightweight
At first I had to use it because my tutor uses it but I really like it.
Many easy to install plugins and cool look
I have heard good things about it
I'm a Salesforce developer, and VS Code has officially supported tools.
because of its integrity and support for languages, syntax checking, much more
It looks nice, plenty customizable 
G
My university teaches using vs code so I’m used to it
Last year
good
Internship made us use it
Works great, Smooth and best for my language
Modern, easy to use, frequent updates and lots of extensions 
Because it good
extentions, features and overall pleasant to work on it 
.
ease of use
The layout and speed really work for me. Also constantly updating.
Lightweight yet capable of expansion through extensions 
Pretty
cause i use c#
Free, advanced, huge community
Functionality while being minimal. Has the right plugins and everything for making coding in any language a pleasure!
I love the UI
I don’t know any of theze
It's as close as you can get to Visual Studio.
Fast, easy to install packages
Versatile, reliable, ubiquitous
Good features 
Integration with the langagues, and platforms, I develop on
I enjoy using it
Looks nice, I like the yermin. Extensios are a plus too.
Aesthetically pleasing and many add-ons
I needed something very basic, because I have a really bad laptop. Vs code does everything I need so I did not look further, this was the first one i tried, it did not disappoint me.
It's good, but I want to learn emacs or vim
I unironically eat up Microsoft's products like no tomorrow, long time supporter of all that they do and VSCode is no different, especially with the moral direction the company's been taking in their products lately.
Customisation and Functionality
Cuz
More of an IDE and super customisable!
Its light 
Recommended by my wife, who is a data scientist (I'm not a professional developer at the moment, but I'm looking to switch careers soon). Used Atom  before, which was fine too, but like VS better.
Supports everything I use, easy to use, not too hard on the computer, and help/support is easy to find.
Lightweight
Pleasant style, autodetects errors, has it's own console, works with Node and Pip, can make a "workstation" that keeps all the files I'm working on in the same place.
The colour scheme works for me, and the file system is intuitive for me too
I think because it's just good enough ?....
Less memory consumption and fast to write code
better than the rest
Niceu
I have mostly used VS code and find it fits my needs
Extensions and works for everything
My school uses it
Fast and customizable
Better support for Plugins, easy navigation of linked function and libraries.
Was suggested in a course and i Stick with it 
simple free 
it looks nice
Because it was the first one I used that wasn’t Notepad++, so I stuck with it.
It works like it thinks on its own, know what coding mistakes i am going to make
Because it's the best one
The latest greatest bestest one used by others
Lightweight, nice interface, good customization
It's the one I'm used to.
Its pretty
It auto installs all sdks and necessary software.
I like MS products and it was an easy transition from Visual Studio
i can adjust it as i please
Great debugging, very flexible with add on’s, and good keyboard shortcuts making it almost as efficient as emacs.
cuss
Easy to use extensions
reddit recommendation
Because Visual Studio wasn't an answer 
It does everything without being obnoxious to use/learn.
cuz
Open source, fast, "lightweight", great community
Extremely customizable and has a ton of extensions
Good
I previously used Vim, but I found VS Code to be easier to customize for new languages
Simple, fast and integrations to other tools.
I've got my settings and extensions set up so perfectly for my purposes that I'm terrified of starting over. 
Easy and ever so functional
lightweight and useful
Fast and minimal
Easy to use
Because it's my favourite 
plugins
Same features as other editors, more plugins, liveshare.
Customizability, large userbase and abundance of extensions for different languages and technologies
What I use
Cross platform, updated regularly, light weight, well designed. 
It’s an IDE good for many languages. And I just got used to it...
Easy to use, good documentation, constant support.
Because i like the Microsoft ecosystem
It's clean and simple while having all features I need
Don't remember
good
Its easy and has many features
I work with Visual Studio every day so it makes the most sense to me.
Nice design, many packages and easy to use
Plugins everywhere!!!!
Features
Im lazy
Simplicity, beauty and functionality.
Easy to use, lightweight, does a bunch for you. 
Only good one 
Standard and continuous improvements
because its my favorite?
Helpful
I like the syntax coloring, the program's easy on the eyes, there's many plugins, add-ons, such and such to fit anyone's needs. I also really prefer its overlay over eclipse's. I also REALLY love how when you open a bracket, it closes it automatically. I know eclipse does this too (and perhaps some others) but I really like vs's overlay.
Wide range of extensions
Extensions and theme
low setup time
It's simple and runs smoothly
ease of use
Plugin support and updates
I can integrate many extensions
Sleek
No clue
Because I like it more than the others
Has a wide range of easily installable plugins that allows it to work well with most languages.
out of the box features are nice
